one of the best parts of super mario 3d
world has absolutely nothing to do with
the platforming or Mario in fact rather
it's a little mini game that we would
love to see Nintendo spin out into a
full release of its own in this series
of minigames you take control of a toad
now this little fella can't jump defend
himself or do anything else other than
walk really despite his physical
limitations this is a toad on a mission
annie has the goal of collecting 5 stars
within each level while avoiding the
enemies and figuring out some basic
puzzles as simple as these toad levels
are I have got to say they are really
really interesting they have a nice slow
and methodical pace which is a nice
break to the platforming action from the
rest of the game toad himself is of
course a very Chris matic character and
the rewards for doing these levels well
are quite significant we're a regular
level in the game will only provide free
green stars and the green stars of what
you need to unlock some of the levels
these toad missions provide 5 it's not
bad payment for a couple of minutes work
as you can see from the footage here
these levels are not particularly
complex or brain taxing but they do
require a certain degree of logical
thought and it did get me a little bit
trapped once or twice in these levels
players have full 3d control over the
camera and the level design shows a
great deal of puzzle creativity from a
Nintendo itself you'll need to rotate
the camera around quite a bit in order
to figure out the path that you need to
take next or to find hidden stars and
because you need to find all five stars
in order to complete the mission and
click any of them you need to be very
thorough as you walk around
as you would expect later levels also
add a couple of other features in but
the basic core gameplay remains the same
throughout toad walks around collect
stars and avoids enemies it sounds so
simple but it is such a compelling
little minigame and as far as I'm
concerned it's the best thing that the
super mario 3d world has added to the
formula what I would like to see from
here is fit Nintendo to spin this out
into its own little series there are way
too few levels in super mario 3d world
for me to really get my fix I don't know
how long I could play it before the
simplicity starts to get a little bit
annoying but certainly as an eShop
download I could see this becoming a
sleep a little bit for dinner